feat(vendir): add vendir support (#25113)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/vendir/README.md

> The [vendir](https://carvel.dev/vendir/) manager only updates dependencies of the `helmChart` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [vendir](https://carvel.dev/vendir/) manager can only update `helmChart`-type dependencies.
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml title="Example helmChart"
```

We should add a title to the codeblock, to explain what it's about. If needed, please edit my suggestion before applying it. 😉 

See [Material for MkDocs, adding a title to a codeblock](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#adding-a-title) for more information.
